Reflect the suggestions on PR#34 No.2 (#42)
msagansk/Augur.Guide: collections/_version2-english/9-fork/2-to-dos.md

If you are a REP holder, there are some things you **MUST** do for a [fork]({{glossary_fork}}) to not lose your [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}).

## Before a fork starts

> REP holders have a thing to do even before a [fork]({{glossary_fork}}) starts so that they don't lose the value of their [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}). That is to **check monthly to see if a fork occurs**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before a [fork]({{glossary_fork}}) starts, REP holders still have to be actively involved so that they don't lose the value of their [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}). The minimum involvement necessary to avoid permanent losses of REP is to **check monthly to see if a fork occurs**.
```

Author: Thanks! I'll fix it tomorrow.

Author: I merged this suggestion. so I'm closing this conversation.

{% include zoom-image.html src=image_src caption="Figure 1. chain of universes" %}

## After starting a fork (60 days)
REP holders needs to pick a side and migrate their REP to the [child universe]({{glossary_child_universe}}) they believe aligns with reality within 60 days from starting a [fork]({{glossary_fork}}).

After 60 days from starting a fork, [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}) in the [parent universe]({{glossary_parent_universe}}) are [locked]({{glossary_locked_universe}}) and can not be migrated to the child universe permanently.

However, the choice should be considered carefully, because migration is one-way; it cannot be reversed. REP cannot be sent from one [sibling universe]({{glossary_sibling_universe}}]) to another.

## What if REP holders don't wish to join in the fork?
They may sell their [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}) before the [fork]({{glossary_fork}}) is over, but beware that if many people exercise this strategy the price of REP may drop leading up to the fork and then rebound in the [truth universe]({{glossary_truth_universe}}) after the fork, this could be a costly strategy.

## Is there any reward for migrating REP to a child universe?

> No. If you migrate your [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}) during the [forking period]({{glossary_forking_period}}), there is no reward for that. However, if you staked your REP on the [forking market]({{glossary_forking_market}})'s outcome before the fork starts and the outcome you staked on becomes the [final outcome]({{glossary_final_outcome}}) of the forking market, you will receive a 40% [ROI]({{glossary_roi}}) on your stake in the [winning universe]({{glossary_winning_universe}}).

Reviewer: May want to mention again here that there is no reward, but there is a very severe punishment for *not* participating.

Author: I will add such a sentence as another PR, thanks.
